Allow define RadioControl label with ReactNode component (#66615)
WordPress/gutenberg: packages/components/src/radio-control/README.md

An array of objects containing the value and label of the options.

> -   `label`: `string` | `ReactNode` The label to be shown to the user.

Reviewer: Removing `string` as it's included in `ReactNode`. Also adding accessibility guidance.

```suggestion
-   `label`: `ReactNode` The label to be shown to the user. When the label is not a string, make sure that the element is accessibly labeled.
- ```

An array of objects containing the value and label of the options.

> -   `label`: `ReactNode` The label to be shown to the user. When the label is not a string, make sure that the element is accessibly labeled.

Reviewer 2: Matching TypeScript types

```suggestion
-   `label`: `string` | `React.ReactElement` The label to be shown to the user. When the label is not a string, make sure that the element is accessibly labeled.
```

Reviewer 2: Based on https://github.com/WordPress/gutenberg/pull/66615#discussion_r1861323374, it looks like we may want to revert to `ReactNode`. In that case, feel free to ignore my suggestion above, and instead let's change the TypeScript type back to `ReactNode`.
